so you knew the one plus six was coming
and you probably knew it had a notch in
the display but what makes this phone
special what makes the one plus six
different from every or the phone that
oneplus has ever made the big thing is
the materials so for the past two years
oneplus is making phones with aluminum
material so aluminum backs very premium
looking phones but very generic looking
phones almost boring this year the
oneplus X has been made with the Gorilla
Glass 5 front and back there's three
variants there's a mirror black midnight
black and a silk white the mirror black
is actually designed to look like a
ceramic material but without the weight
so glass backed phones like the current
iPhone 10 and the Samsung s9 have a very
obvious kind of glass surface to the
back of it and it looks good
you've seen it a thousand times but it
does look good ceramic phones have a
distinctly different look to the
material it's still a glossy finish but
there's a certain way that the light
reflects on ceramic phones and the
mirror black finish on the oneplus X has
that look and they've done it by putting
this film underneath the Gorilla Glass 5
so it just gives it this distinctly
different looking reflection it's really
hard to describe and maybe even
difficult to capture in video but it
looks really unique in person the
midnight black is the second color
option on the oneplus 6 and it uses this
acid etched glass and basically they're
using a corrosion process on the Gorilla
Glass 5 to give it a fantastic texture
it's this smooth satin finish to the
glass it's very similar in feel to the
track pads on a macbook pro it's just
it's got that silky smooth finish to it
it hides fingerprints better than your
average glass or aluminum finish if you
just look at it though it doesn't look
different aesthetically but when you
touch it it feels phenomenal it's kind
of weird to feel the phone that has this
kind of texture to it now aesthetically
I think that the mirror black finish
looks more standout it is a distinctly
different look but if you're looking for
like a tactile experience that's
different from most other phones out
there the midnight black now the third
color optionally have is a silk white so
it's a white colored back with a rose
gold finish for the metal frame the
white material has this pearlescent look
to the finish it is a limited edition
and it's not available yet so if you
want a white phone at launch it probably
gonna have to put a skin on it the white
marble skin looks really good on the 1
plus 6
okay the screen it has a notch but I
don't feel as bothered by this notch as
I do from other phones for one I feel
like I kind of expected it oneplus was
showing pictures of this notch for quite
a while and I feel like they incepted my
brain to just be more accepting of this
notch but the big reason is that the top
and bottom bezels are thin and if
they're trying to maximize screen real
estate here I understand why they're
using a notch in 2018 you can hide it
the software has a setting to make it
less pronounced and because it's an
AMOLED panel it does a pretty good job
at masking it out it's still a Tandy P
panel but it's a very nice-looking
display it's a large display six point
two eight inches it's noticeably bigger
than the one plus 5t screen but the
device itself is essentially the same
size the cameras been updated obviously
and this year they've brought back
optical image stabilization sometimes I
felt like they were missing from the 1
plus 5 and the 5 T because os helps with
everything especially for low-light
photos now I haven't spent a lot of time
on this camera yet I'll be doing a more
in-depth look at this camera in a future
video ok lastly software this thing's
shipping with Android 8.1 and it
obviously has their oxygen OS on it it's
carrying over the gestures that we see
in the current 5 T software and it's
still pretty early stages in the
implementation but navigation is really
easy to get used to you swipe up to go
home and then the back buttons are
triggered with sliding up from the side
it sounds weird but it's really easy to
get used to and the idea here like the
knotch is to maximize your screen real
estate
all the other classic oneplus goodness
is still here you get the fastest
snapdragon processor the 8 45 so it's
going to be faster and more energy
efficient you get your dash charging so
that's a full day of power in 30 minutes
you get that super fast face unlock
which is still weird to me as to how
fast it is compared to other flagships
and you get the dual SIM you get the
oneplus alert slider which is a little
bit different this year it's on the
right side so if you're a oneplus
veteran it might take a little bit of
time to get used to because it's always
been on the left side this year it's on
the right side and I actually prefer it
on the right side because that's where
your thumb is right when you just kind
of flick the switch up and down instead
of using your index from before you're
now able to use your thumb which I like
you also get your headphone jack which
is important for a lot of the oneplus
fans I didn't think they would remove it
but it's just nice to see that it still
there now the pricing on this thing
starts at five hundred and thirty
dollars so that's for the base model
with six gigs of RAM and 64 gigs of
storage the pricing is
a little bit more than expected at the
bottom end I don't think oneplus is
playing in that budget League anymore at
the putting on that mid tier League so
they also announced bullets wireless
headphones so these are just wireless
headphones that are charged by us PC so
that's something that I was actually
pretty excited about they're difficult
to find wireless headphones that are
used PC charge and it uses a magnet or
rather a pair of magnets in the buds and
also comes with a rubber case with
different sizing options and stuff but
when you pair it with a one plus five or
one plus six
the magnetic action will actually pause
or unpause music it's actually pretty
cool so years ago when oneplus first
launched they had this $300 smartphone
that was really inexpensive that a lot
of people liked but over the years of
price has gone up and I think one of the
complaints that a lot of people have had
is that it's no longer a budget and
phone but I think that's the point so
they've always had like high-end specs
with really good performance but this is
the first year that they've made
something that was really premium
looking as well some that looked just
different from your average $500
smartphone particularly the mirror-black
that ceramic finish looks phenomenal so
if you're looking for a phone that's in
this price range that looks and performs
like one of the big flag ships you
should check out the one plus six so
I'll drop a link for all this stuff down
below I hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time